docs: add Arcade integration setup guide (#3432)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/fleet/arcade.mdx

---
title: Arcade integration
sidebarTitle: Arcade
description: Connect your workspace to Arcade to give agents access to third-party tools like GitHub, Gmail, Slack, and more.
---

[Arcade](https://arcade.dev) provides managed MCP gateways that give your agents access to third-party services like GitHub, Gmail, Slack, Notion, Jira, and more. When you connect Arcade to your workspace, agents can use these tools with per-user OAuth authentication.

## Prerequisites

- A LangSmith workspace with **admin** permissions
- An [Arcade](https://arcade.dev) account with at least one organization and project

> ## Set up Arcade (admin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up Arcade as a workspace admin
```

Only workspace admins can configure the Arcade integration. Once configured, the integration is available to all users in the workspace.

<Steps>
  <Step title="Open the Integrations tab">

>     Navigate to [Fleet > Integrations](https://smith.langchain.com/agents/tools) and find the **Arcade** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Navigate to [**Fleet** > **Integrations**](https://smith.langchain.com/agents/tools). In the **Integrations** left menu under **Apps**, click **Arcade**.
```

  </Step>
</Steps>

## Connect as a workspace member

After an admin configures Arcade for the workspace, other users must connect their own Arcade account to use the tools.

<Steps>
  <Step title="Get invited to the Arcade project">
    Ask the admin who configured the integration to invite you to their Arcade organization and project. You must be a member of the same project to access its gateways.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Connect your account">
    Navigate to [Fleet > Integrations](https://smith.langchain.com/agents/tools), find the **Arcade** section, and click **Connect**. Complete the OAuth flow to link your Arcade account.
  </Step>
</Steps>

Once connected, tools from installed Arcade MCP gateways authenticate with your individual credentials when your agents call them.

## Change the default organization or project

Admins can update the workspace-level Arcade organization and project at any time.

<Warning>
Changing the organization or project **removes all installed MCP servers** from the workspace. You will need to reinstall gateways from the new project afterward.
</Warning>

<Steps>
  <Step title="Open configuration">

>     In the Arcade section of [Fleet > Integrations](https://smith.langchain.com/agents/tools), click the settings icon to open the **Arcade Workspace Configuration** dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Navigate to [**Fleet** > **Integrations**](https://smith.langchain.com/agents/tools). In the **Integrations** left menu under **Apps**, click **Arcade**. Click the settings icon to open the **Arcade Workspace Configuration** dialog.
```

  </Step>
  <Step title="Select new organization and project">
    Choose the new organization and project from the dropdowns. If both differ from the current configuration, a warning appears explaining that existing MCP servers will be removed.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Confirm the change">
    Click **Save Changes**. If the change is destructive, confirm in the follow-up dialog. All previously installed gateways are removed and you can install new ones from the updated project.
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Disconnect from Arcade

> To disconnect your personal Arcade account from the workspace, click **Disconnect** in the Arcade section of the Integrations tab. This revokes your OAuth token but does not affect the workspace configuration or other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [**Fleet** > **Integrations**](https://smith.langchain.com/agents/tools). In the **Integrations** left menu under **Apps**, click **Arcade**. Click **Disconnect** to disconnect your personal Arcade account from the workspace. This revokes your OAuth token but does not affect the workspace configuration or other users.
```
